cloud: update prometheus-grafana-integration.md (#23391)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/prometheus-grafana-integration.md

    <CustomContent plan="essential">

>     - For TiDB Cloud Essential instances created starting July 1, 2026, download this JSON file: <https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/master/tidb-cloud/monitor-prometheus-and-grafana-integration-tidb-cloud-dynamic-tracker-essential-v2.json>. Note 'v2' is the dashboard json version only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For TiDB Cloud Essential instances created on or after July 1, 2026, download this JSON file: <https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/master/tidb-cloud/monitor-prometheus-and-grafana-integration-tidb-cloud-dynamic-tracker-essential-v2.json>. Note that the `v2` suffix indicates only the version of the dashboard JSON file.
```

    <CustomContent plan="essential">

    - For TiDB Cloud Essential instances created starting July 1, 2026, download this JSON file: <https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/master/tidb-cloud/monitor-prometheus-and-grafana-integration-tidb-cloud-dynamic-tracker-essential-v2.json>.
    - For TiDB Cloud Essential instances created before July 1, 2026, download this JSON file: <https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/master/tidb-cloud/monitor-prometheus-and-grafana-integration-tidb-cloud-dynamic-tracker-essential.json>.

    </CustomContent>

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
